  <LI> Showing cases per million inhabitants does not greatly change
  the overall picture compared to the previous graph.

<LI>In this view, the US moves a few days further behind Italy.  This
  is probably deceptive, and it is better to examine the US on a
  state-by-state basis.

<LI>Singapore contained the initial imported cases very well through
  contact tracing.  However, for the last month Singapore has seen
  progressively higher per day increase rates.  This growth was due in
  part to contact tracing losing its effectiveness, and recently
  Singapore announced more isolation measures as the number of
  untraced cases was rising.  The last few days the increase rate has
  been in the 15-20% range.

On April 22nd, William Hal Martin at NUS explained the situation there to me:

<P><I> The government tried to combine contact tracing, isolation,
travel restrictions, symptom monitoring, public education and
gradually increasing restrictions on public interactions in an effort
to control the outbreak while maintaining some sense of function and
normalcy.  That policy was beginning to lose effectiveness so they
implemented a “Circuit Breaker” on 7 April.  It included strict work
from home policies, business closures, required masks outdoors,
elimination of social gatherings anywhere and fines for
non-compliance.  Just as this was implemented there was a explosion in
the number of cases here.  The new outbreak is limited mainly to the
population of visiting workers who live in close quarters in housing
complexes.  323,000 of the visiting workers live in dormitories.

<P>
The dramatic increase in the number of cases in Singapore is from the localized outbreak within the worker population.

<P> Hundreds of volunteers are assisting medical personnel in the
process of screening as many workers as possible in order to identify,
separate, isolate and/or treat the infected.  The increase in
confirmed cases can also be attributed to that aggressive testing in
these communities.  </I>

<LI>Australia peaked on 28th March and has seen declining numbers of
new cases since then.  It is not quite clear to me why Australia has
been so successful in reducing new cases, as the main measures were
only enacted on March 22nd, which is too late to have accounted for a peak
on March 28th, given incubation time and testing delays.

