     <LI> The early part of the China curve is shown for
     comparison. I'm not sure how accurate the numbers are in the
     early stage because they didn't initially know what to look for,
     and the way of measuring changed part way through this period.
     The initial increase rate is fairly consistent with the 35% daily growth seen in
     Europe.

<LI>Other than China, South Korea is the only country to have had a
     high sustained increase rate, and then bring the virus under
     control.

<LI>The USA tracked very closely along the 35% growth
     line, and did so for much longer than any other
     country. Testing in the US was initially very limited, but
     recently it seems testing has been catching up somewhat. In the
     last five days the US has shown the first signs of dropping off of
     the 35% daily increase curve.

<LI>Cases in the US are concentrated in a few states, in a
     similar way to how cases in Italy are concentrated in
     Lombardy.

<LI>Iran tracked a little above a 35% increase rate until four weeks
  ago.  Since then, Iran had experienced ten days of consistent 11.5%
  exponential growth, with the following ten days showing further
  decline.  For many days the daily increase in cases was roughly
  constant at around 1100-1200 new cases per day, but it has now
  started to increase exponentially again, now at around 8% per day.
  It is possible the constant phase was due to limitations in testing.

<LI>Japan is has been an enigma for a long time, with an extremely
  consistent 8.5% per day daily growth rate for many weeks, until two
  weeks when it has declined further, before rebounding significantly
  in the last few days.  It seems more likely that early measures
  taken there were effective to some degree at reducing the increase
  rate, but are not sufficient to avoid exponential growth altogether.
  There is some discussion that the historic figures for Japan may not
  have been accurate, but I won't speculate on this other than to note
  that the Japanese curve has always been an unusual outlier.