    <LI> As different countries have different testing policies, many
      people have suggested that we should look at deaths instead.
      There are several downsides to using deaths as a metric.  First,
      if the purpose of these graphs is to provide warning of what is
      to come, or to verify whether measure are working, deaths is not
      very useful.  Death rate is too low to provide a warning signal
      in advance of there being a problem, and it is not a good early
      indicator of whether measures are working because it lags case
      data by between one and two weeks.  It can, however, provide
      some insight into what fraction of infections are being detected
      in different countries.  Generally, if a country is further
      behind in this graph than in the equivalent cases graph, then
      the country is probably catching a larger fraction of cases.
      This is particularly pronounced in the case of Germany.
    <LI>
      Death data is also problematic because deaths per day does not
      go down quickly when cases go down.  This is particularly clear
      in the Korean data, where the death rate has remained nearly
      constant for three weeks after new infections peaked.
    <LI>
      Finally, when a healthcare system gets overwhelmed, death rate
      goes up from something like 0.9% (Korea) to something like 3-4%
      (Hubei, parts of Lombardy).
    <LI>
      Generally when cases are increasing exponentially, most
      countries' death rate curves shadow the cases curve, with a lag
      of between 6 (France, UK) and 12 days (Germany).  Spain, France,
      Netherlands and the UK look very similar to how they looked using
      case data around 6 days ago.  Germany and Austria are about ten days further
      back on this graph.  The difference in
      per-capita testing rates does not seem to explain this
      difference.

<LI>In the last few days, the UK and France have seen more deaths than
Italy did at a similar point in the epidemic, whereas the Netherlands
and Switzerland have seem fewer deaths, and Austria and Germany have
significantly lower death rates.
